Feature/raises clearer guidance (#7499)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/7489.improvement.rst

> The ``raises()`` method of ``_pytest.python_api`` has a clearer error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :func:`pytest.raises` function has a clearer error message when ``match`` matches the obtained string but is not regex-escaped.
```

> The :func:`pytest.raises` function has a clearer error message when ``match`` matches the obtained string but is not regex-escaped.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :func:`pytest.raises` function has a clearer error message when ``match`` equals the obtained string but is not a regex match. In this case it is suggested to escape the regex.
```

Reviewer: Better indeed, thanks
